Make more portable, enhance README (#4)
indeedeng/fibtest: README.md

CPU 2 etc...).

By default fibtest spawns one fast thread on CPU 0, and a number of slow
threads equal to the number of CPUS minus the number of fast threads.

This test can be used to check for the CFS scheduler bug fixed by

- [`de53fd7ae`](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/commit/?id=de53fd7aedb100f03e5d2231cfce0e4993282425)
  sched/fair: Fix low cpu usage with high throttling by removing expiration of cpu-local slices 
  
For a detailed explanation of the bug being tested and its fix, 
see [blog post 1](https://engineering.indeedblog.com/blog/2019/12/unthrottled-fixing-cpu-limits-in-the-cloud/),
[blog post 2](https://engineering.indeedblog.com/blog/2019/12/cpu-throttling-regression-fix/),
and video of [Dave Chiluk's presentation at KubeCon 2019](https://youtu.be/UE7QX98-kO0).

The important thing to understand is that this bug affects performance in proportion

> to the number of cores on the machine. This test will not be effective at demonstrating 
> the bug on a 4 core machine. At least 32 cores are recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the number of cores on the machine. This test will not be as definitive on a  4 core machine.
as on a higher core count machine.
```
